Israel,
you have a complete news embargo on what
is happening as a result of your
government's decision to wage war against
Iran for the second time.
And so you don't know unless you're in
the crosshairs of the missiles.
I don't know.
The world doesn't know how bad it is.
But I just spent a few moments in
that detestable swamp of social media
known as X,
where antisemitism is celebrated,
all forms of Israeli and Jewish existence,
are attacked and those who seek to defend
Israel are sullied,
disparaged and throttled.
It is a place where I would say
in the range of over ninety percent,
maybe it's even as high as ninety nine
percent of the posts are invalid.
They're promoting something that is
religious, political,
militaristic, drawn by AI,
sponsored by idiots.
But you can tell that I'm somber.
And the reason is that there are now
hundreds upon hundreds of videos that
claim are of the outskirts of Jerusalem
and Tel Aviv and of other places around
Israel.
where the sky is quite literally falling,
where there are all manner of missiles,
hypersonic, exceedingly large,
pesky and small, thank you, Rich,
cluster bombs, drones,
that are lighting up the sky and there
does not appear to be an interceptor in
sight.
Normally,
if we were to discount what we're seeing,
because it's X, by a huge margin, again,
because it's X and Brock has no grasp
of reality,
it still appears that it's very, very bad.
And because Israel is suppressing news,
There's really no way of knowing other
than to say,
why would you suppress news if things were
going well?
All the while there is carnage in Iran.
I saw a bomb exploded in Qom,
I think is one of Iran's largest cities
that got out of mushroom cloud like it
was nuclear.
That probably wasn't,
but it surely looked at that scale.
You have, I mean,
outskirts of Tehran.
It's raining toxic oil.
Between Israel and the US,
you've made a bloody mess of Iran.
And there was nothing to be gained.
Listen, I'm no fan of Islamic regimes.
I've written five books and experienced
Ten thousand death threats as a result of
exposing and condemning all that is wrong
with Islam.
And I've written.
Thirty five books explaining.
Why it's appropriate to rally around and
protect Israel.
But nonetheless, Israel.
You had a zero percent chance of
succeeding in this war.
You touted regime change and yet between
the Mossad and the CIA,
you've attempted some one hundred of them
since the end of the last world war
and you've not succeeded a single time.
It's not that you haven't always been
effective,
it's that you've never been effective.
Every attempt at regime change in the
Islamic world has made a bad situation
worse.
Look at Iran.
Iran now,
this is the third time the elected
government of Iran wanted to nationalize
oil reserves so that the people of Iran
benefited as opposed to the oil oligarchs
and the CIA and
The U.S.
decided to oust that person, and they did,
and they replaced them with the Shah.
And then he decided to do the same
thing,
and they replaced him with the Ayatollah.
And then they got mad at the Ayatollah,
so they killed him.
Three times.
You ever going to learn your lesson?
What happened in Libya when you wanted
Muammar Gaddafi gone because, well,
he had a new...
means for african nations to bypass the
dollar in trade with the gold-backed
currency you killed him too and now
there's nothing but terrorists running
amok you tried it in iraq you replaced
the most pro-western dictator in the
islamic east the islamic uh uh nations and
you
replaced the man who was overtly opposed
to Islamic terrorism with a regime that is
now nothing more than Iran West.
You took Iraq as the enemy of Iran
and you gave it to Iran.
Look what happened in Afghanistan.
You replaced the Northern Alliance with
the Taliban.
Look what happened in Syria.
You replaced Assad, yeah, bad guy,
with the Islamic State.
You failed.
You continue to fail.
Your Mossad and Shin Bet and their
collaboration with the United States and
the CIA is batting zero,
making the world worse.
then you went off and decided you were
going to bomb iran a second time after
you had turned russia and china against
you your second largest trading partner
and the one nation that actually listened
to you and tried to work out something
that was fair with you and you've turned
them into your overt enemy you've got the
massad
working in Ukraine to kill Russians,
and then you bombed Russia's ally,
and then you went and bombed them again,
and you bombed China's ally,
and then you bombed them again.
So now they view you as a parasite,
worthless, a warmonger.
He had no chance of success in the
country.
What?
Twenty five times larger,
bigger than almost as big as Western
Europe.
They have ninety million people compared
to what?
Seven million Jews,
of which forty percent of the population
is either too liberal or too religious to
fight.
How are you going to prevail?
What are you going to do?
You're gonna kill ninety million people?
You can't do that.
You think you're gonna take out their
ability to pummel Israel, a tiny state?
Obviously not, huh?
Yeah, Trump says, oh,
we took out all of their missile
launchers.
They're down,
they don't have any more missiles.
They surrendered to all of the other
Muslim nations in the Middle East.
No, none of that was true, was it?
They've now made a deal with the other
Islamic nations in the Middle East that
they're gonna boot America out.
I mean,
the deal was pretty straightforward.
Iran said,
we will destroy your infrastructure.
All of your refineries,
all of your distribution network,
your pipelines,
your water salinization plants,
we will destroy it all.
And there's nothing you can do to stop
us unless you disassociate from the
Americans.
Put around in that position.
Of course,
that's what they're going to do.
They're mining the Strait of Hormuz.
Nothing passes.
Those Gulf nations can't import water,
they can't import food,
they can't export fertilizers,
they can't ship oil,
they got nothing and it's completely
ground to a halt with oil prices doubling.
You did this in collaboration with the
great betrayer,
with the very man that your prophets told
you was Rahab.
the great betrayer of Israel,
Satan incarnate.
That's Donald Trump.
Read the prophets.
Go to YadaYah.com.
Study what I have found about him.
Listen to these programs.
Shouldn't be me that has to tell you
what your prophet said,
but you're not even paying attention when
I bring it to your attention.
You can't invade Iran with ground troops,
which means you can't
caused the nation to surrender or occupy
it.
And they have called Israel's and
America's bluff.
They're not interested in a ceasefire.
They played that game the last time and
you deceived them.
And now that you're running out of
interceptors and now that their missiles
are outsmarting your interceptors,
what now?
Where do you have to run?
Where do you have to go?
Why did you do this?
Yeah, of course,
they refined uranium because they wanted
to build a bomb.
But they've been in that same position for
years.
They're not going to deploy a nuclear bomb
over Israel because if they did,
the fallout would permeate all of the
Muslim nations around them.
It's more likely that Israel will deploy a
nuclear bomb to try to
resolve this problem that you have made
for yourselves than it is that Iran's
going to do so.
Besides,
their arsenal of missiles is actually more
effective.
You put yourself in this position with the
destruction of Gaza,
even though it was mostly deserved after
what happened on October seventh with
Muslims flooding out of Gaza to abuse
Jews.
The fact of the matter is you went
too far and you turned the world against
you and you isolated yourself so that you
became a vassal of the man that Christians
would know as the Antichrist.
He is Rahab, the great betrayer,
Satan in the flesh.
That's where you put yourself.
There's no excuse for all of this.
I've been screaming this at the top of
my lungs now for over a year,
telling you, don't do this.
You're now, sixty days,
seventy days away from entering the seven
year time of Israel's troubles.
It's going to get a lot worse,
but you didn't need to make it worse
by these actions.
I'm sure that I told you so sounds
pretty raw.
under the present circumstances.
But I told you not to trust Donald
Trump.
I told you not to trust Benjamin
Netanyahu.
I told you to disassociate from your
rabbis.
I told you to be wary of the
Marxists in Tel Aviv.
I told you to return to Yahowah,
to recognize that Dowd is your Messiah and
returning King and Savior.
You didn't do any of those things.
I told you to stop using the term
Palestinians.
I told you to remove the Dome of
the Rock and Al-Aqsa's mosque from the
Temple Mount.
I told you to quarantine Islam.
I told you to read Goddamn Religion,
the five volumes that I wrote for you
so that you would know that Islam has
been your enemy for fourteen centuries.
and that October seventh was nothing more
than a reenactment of the Kabar raid by
Muhammad.
I've written the most comprehensive
analysis of the Islamic religion ever,
proving that Allah is not a God,
that Muhammad was not a prophet,
and that it was rabbis who gave Muhammad
the material to create the Quran.
but you don't pay attention.
You don't listen to anybody.
You know, Yahowah said in Dabarym six,
four, listen, Yisrael, Yahowah,
your God is one.
And what do you do?
You blather all over him.
You remove his name,
you replace it with the Lord,
and then you turn it into a prayer
rather than listening.
I can't help you if you won't listen.
I've just translated Israel, a prophecy,
profound prophecy, really.
I'll share it tomorrow.
But it is from Yirmeyah thirty-one.
In Yirmeyah thirty-one,
Yahowah states very clearly that he's going
to restore and renew his one and only
covenant with Yisrael and Yahuwdym.
which means that if the rabbis had
recognized that,
there would have been no New Testament.
It's the only place in the entire Towrah
and prophets that can be presented as a
renewal of a covenant.
And yet there it says that the covenant
is going to be renewed with Yisrael and
with Yahuwdym.
And it says it's going to be different
than the one that was experienced and
lived by the children of Yisrael during
the Exodus with Moshe out of Mitsraym,
the crucibles of religious and political
oppression.
Because it was then that Yahowah drug Jews
screaming and kicking.
He said,
I had to do it with a strong
hand, with a...
being resolute,
giving them no choice in the matter.
I literally drugged them out because they
didn't know me.
They were belligerent.
There was no other way to do it.
Couldn't reason with them.
So he drugged me out.
He said, no,
it's not going to be that way this
next time.
You're going to come willingly or not at
all.
You're going to listen or suffer the
consequence.
Then he says that the difference also will
be that unlike this last time where the
Towrah was written in terms of the first
book, Bare’syth,
that was transcribed by Moshe,
the next three books were experienced by
the children of Israel as they were so
antagonistic and belligerent.
And those events were written down and we
can learn just how obnoxious the children
of Israel were the entire time.
You told God to shut up and go
away.
He never wanted to hear from him or
see him again.
That's pretty belligerent.
You had Moshe say,
I can't stand these people.
This job is impossible.
I want you to kill me.
That's pretty bad, isn't it?
And then you get to the body and
where is Moshe trying to summarize all
this?
for you.
But you put your Towrah, Yahowah's Towrah,
and dress it up like a whore and
kiss it and fondle it and run around
with it,
put little dingle balls on it and study
instead your Talmud.
And God says, no,
there won't be a Talmud.
I'm going to write
my Towrah,
my guidance and teaching inside of them,
on their heart,
which was the seat of judgment at the
time.
No Talmud, no New Testament, the Towrah.
And he says, as a result of that,
that he will be your God,
you will be his people,
and that there will be no more religious
corruption.
But what it says next is truly amazing.
References the Qatan and Gadowl.
You might look that up in Bare’syth
one,
the fourth day would direct your attention
to them over and over again.
The Qatan and the Gadowl.
The lesser and greater luminaries.
They would serve as signs because they
were willing to fulfill the Mowedym,
the seven invitations to each year to be
called out and meet with Yahowah.
And he says that they are going to
play a very important role at that time.
And God goes so far as to say
that he was going to work through them,
literally produce the inscribed
prescriptions that cut people either in or
out of the covenant.
He's going to agitate through them and
also pacify.
But he goes on then to say that
if you, Israel,
don't pay any heed to them,
if you are obnoxious to them,
you don't listen to them,
if you cause either of the two,
and they are Dowd and Yahowah,
you cause either of those two to quit,
to withdraw,
to cease what they're doing for any period
of time,
You're done.
Won't be a single Jew that survives.
Not one.
That's what you're up against.
You're hanging by a thread and everything
is dependent upon the continued response
of two people, both of whom you denigrate.
Not very smart, Israel.
All right, I'm gonna return now
To the eighty-ninth Mizmowr,
I'm going to jump back to the last
passage that we reviewed in the last
program,
and then we'll make progress from there.
And it says, yeah,
I was saying that I detected,
I discovered, I experienced,
I then recognized and revealed, exposing.
Don't.
You would corrupt that to David,
but it's don't, the beloved.
Don't.
my coworker,
my authorized agent who works on my
behalf.
And out of my shemen kodeshane,
my set apart olive oil, I have Mashyach,
anointed him Messiah.
Mizmowr, Eighty-Nine Twenty.
So to show the way to the benefits
of this relationship with that oil,
His hand and influence will prepare you
and will establish you,
authenticating and sustaining you.
And even more than this, Ani Zarowa,
my strong arm, my sacrificial lamb,
and the protective shepherd,
as well as the one who sows and
cultivates the seeds for the harvest.
He will empower and embolden you,
strengthening you and reinforcing you
while enabling your growth and elevating
your status.
Do you find the IDF doing that?
Do you find Netanyahu doing that?
Do you find Donald Trump doing that?
Why aren't you willing to look to Dowd?
Why do all of the little Haredim out
there in their black morning suits prayed
around as if they were expecting that
unknown Messiah to show up at some unknown
time on behalf of a God whose name
they don't even know anymore because they
erased it?
When Yahowah says the Messiah is dot,
that Yahowah says, I anointed him.
And if you'll listen to him,
if you'll capitalize on what he has done,
He'll empower and embolden you.
He'll strengthen.
He will reinforce you.
He will enable you to grow.
He will elevate your status rather than it
being pounded into the dirt.
Do you know that right now Israel is
hated by virtually everyone around the
world?
And it's largely because of what you've
done.
And it's largely because of Christianity
and Islam and Marxism too.
I grant you that.
But you certainly played into their hands
and are continuing to do so.
And you're garnering no sympathy,
apart from a very,
very small group of people.
And even those, you pay no heed to,
and they're the very people who are in
a position to save you.
That's a miracle.
There's more lyrics to sing.
Eighty-nine, twenty-one.
Of course, that then...
brings us to this statement,
the adversary, the , the enemy,
this hostile opposition,
this rancorous foe.
Satan's animosity, his enmity, his rancor,
his open and overt defiance.
You wanna know who Satan is?
Listen to a speech by Donald Trump.
Listen to what he says every day.
Peer into that man's eyes and you're
looking at the devil.
Your prophets have never been wrong.
And they are emphatic.
Donald Trump is the adversary.
He is Satan.
The adversary will not outwit or
continually nullify him.
Him who?
Dowd.
Who's the adversary of Dowd?
Satan.
Who is it that have sought to nullify
Dowd so that they could promote the myth
of Jesus Christ having his title,
Messiah and Son of God?
Christians.
Who's the adversary?
What do Jews do?
They replace Dowd as their Messiah with
Bar Kokhba.
That worked great, didn't it?
They deny that God can have a son,
even though he says it multiple times that
Dowd is his firstborn son.
You've nullified him.
You're waiting for an unknown Messiah when
Dowd is your returning king and the
Messiah.
And you've done so with futile and
worthless lies, with false gods, Hashem,
replacing.
everything Yahowah and Dowd represent.
And the son of evil, of malice,
of injustice,
the offspring of criminal defiance,
Ben-Allah,
the perverse child of wickedness,
the prodigy of malevolence and prejudice,
the seed of the one who is wrong,
harmful, damaging, and deviant.
will not continue to denigrate and
mistreat him because he will have no
answer for him.
89:22
Christianity, Judaism,
and Islam are Satan's overt attempts to
outwit Yahowah's people and plans,
nullifying both and then replacing them
with religious alternatives and false
gods.
It is squarely upon Dowd's relationship
with Yahowah and his fulfillment of the
Mowedym, particularly Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym, and his return on Kipurym,
that the walls separating man from God
have been laid.
And three religions are predicated on
false messiahs, false saviors,
and false gods.
Christianity, Judaism, and Islam,
of which Judaism is the mother of all
three whores.
Paul was trained to be a rabbi.
What he wrote was obnoxious.
It's in the same vein as the Talmud.
Rabbis sold Talmud readings to Muhammad to
make the Quran appear religious.
And of course they created Judaism.
With all consuming covetousness and
conceit,
but devoid of credibility and creativity,
Paul,
Akiba and Muhammad claimed to speak for
the God of the Towrah and of the
prophets while contradicting him in the
process and promoting religious
replacements.
But why did anyone believe them?
Why did Christianity,
Judaism and Islam fool so much as one
fool?
The very God these religious charlatans
claim authorized them and inspired these
psalms has been forthright and
unambiguous.
According to Yahowah, he is God,
and Dowd is the Messiah and Savior,
his coworker.
That was a numbskull that promoted the
church is Israel.
I said, no.
And he says, oh, yes.
So what are you doing?
You're calling God a liar?
God never once mentioned a church.
He never changed from Israel to anyone
else.
Every end times prophecy is about the
restoration of a remnant of Yisrael.
Happens to be through Agoy,
it's through the Nakry, but nonetheless,
it's Israel that's being restored.
There's never a mention of a church.
What do you want to do?
Call God a liar, Christian?
See how that works out for you.
Now,
I've shared this conclusion throughout
Yada Yahowah, but it bears repeating,
especially here,
following the previous statement and
before the next.
Had Yahowah not engaged using me a quarter
century ago,
Had he not led me to the realization
that his son, our Messiah and King,
Dowd David,
fulfilled the spring Miqra'ey in thirty-three
CE, in year four thousand, yeah,
and had we not proven it and shared
this vital realization publicly,
Satan would have prevailed.
And still with the vast preponderance of
you, he is going to prevail.
I mean,
it gets so much that when the covenant
is restored, Yahowah says, if he falters,
you're done.
I don't have a plan B.
I only have a plan C and D,
Chag and Dowd.
Either that plan succeeds or you all die.
No one
and two thousand five hundred years had
realized this.
And if it remained unknown,
there would be zero participants in the
upcoming Shabuwah harvest.
There would be zero participants in the
Taruwah gleaning.
There would be no remnant of Yisrael to
purge
with the sacrifice of the Adamah Parah.
There would be no homecoming of Dowd or
Yahowah on Yowm Kipurym.
There'd be no return to the garden on
Sukah.
It would all be for naught.
God's all in.
This is his plan.
It will prevail with those who are
receptive.
Unfortunately, there are not many of you.
At the rate you are taunting death,
there'll be fewer of you every day.
So you are now a witness to Yahowah's
resolution.
Now we will prevail and not just this
one time,
but we've done so multiple times already
and we will do so again.
With the Eighty-Ninth Psalm,
we restored Dowd's relationship with God,
and we put this plan in place.
Two millennia later,
we restored Dowd's reputation with his
people,
reaffirming that he is the Son of God,
our Messiah and returning King,
and that he fulfilled Chag Matsah,
and therefore is our Savior.
Simultaneously,
we negated the religious replacements with
thirteen volumes of Babel, twistianity,
and goddamn religion.
I'm not just saying it.
It's not my opinion.
I prove it.
Every word of it.
Go to YadaYah.com.
Read Babel, twistianity,
and goddamn religion.
Read those thirteen volumes,
and then read An Introduction to God,
YadaYah, Observations, and Coming Home.
Four years hence from now,
we're going to return.
Witnessing to Dowd's achievements from the
top of the Temple Mount after we've blown
away the Dome of the Rock and Al-Aqsa
Mosque and erected a replica of the Tent
of the Restoring Witness,
retrieved the Ark of the Covenant and the
Ten Statements in stone.
And at the time,
Yahowah is going to overtly support our
rhetoric.
And he's gonna do so on behalf of
his son and his people.
This appeal to reason will conclude with
the offering of the Adamah Parah.
And he is not a pretty red cow.
He's a productive man with a bullish
attitude.
And he will purge the returning remnant of
their religiosity.
making them prepared for Dowd's return as
the son of God and king on Kipurym.
Then beginning on Sukah in
twenty-thirty-three,
year six thousand YAH,
we will devote ourselves to reinforcing
God's people and his plan,
teaching the mortal returnees how to
properly respond to father and son.
there are some additional insights worth
our consideration a web adversary was
presented as a masculine singular noun and
as a participle verb both meaning that
satan has been actively engaged trying to
nullify the messiah and passover lamb
god's chosen co-worker Dowd
Yeah, look at the results, Judaism,
Christianity, and Islam.
Further, bin Allah, son of evil,
is also masculine singular,
but not independently actionable.
This means that the one notoriously
malignant man would be and now has been
possessed by Satan to animate him and to
negate
what Yahowah and Dowd have achieved.
It is Satan, therefore,
who inspired Sha'uwl Paul to compose their
religious alternatives to the actual
Messiah, to the actual Son of God,
and to the actual Savior.
Paul became the exemplar of evil,
of malice and injustice.
And collectively, Satan, inspiring Paul,
beguiled billions.
Fooling Christians, Judaism,
Jews and Judaism and Muslims and Islam.
But they've met their match.
They have met their match.
They've been nullified.
And the case against them is irrefutable.
In the five volumes of Twistianity,
the three of Babel and the five of
goddamn religion.
Ultimately, I have silenced them.
There is no retort.
The evidence brought against Satan and
Paul, Christianity, Judaism,
and Islam is overwhelming and it is
irrefutable because I wield their
scriptures against them.
The larger issue may be lurking within
Yahowah's selection of verbs.
Shoah, wow, what a term.
It happens to be the actionable
instruction presented in the third
statement that God etched on the first
tablet.
It states that the Shoah,
the nullification of his name,
is a crime of such great magnitude that
it is actually unforgivable.
And yet this is precisely what rabbis have
done by erasing Yahowah's name from his
Towrah and from Jewish lives.
It's even what that cult of
conspiratorialists have done,
reverting back to Yod-Heh-Wa-Heh when they
have been exposed to what is right.
Erasing Yahowah's name.
It is unforgivable.
Yeah, it actually gets far worse.
Excuse me.
This is really an amazing story.
Tiberian Masoretes in the sixteenth
century,
they imposed what they called the Shiva
system and did so to alter the
pronunciation of the Hebrew text.
using nakud, vowel pointing,
as diacritical marks.
They began by altering the sounds of the
vowels wa and he.
Showa became Shiba,
and Yahowah's name became unpronounceable due
to the religious malcontents and what they
did using this process.
This is not only because it alone remained
unmarked,
but because the vowel sounds of the
letters comprising Yahowah's name had been
altered.
Unabashed,
these Masoret rabbis had the gall to label
their scheme Shoah,
which means to negate and nullify,
and they attacked Yahowah's name first and
foremost.
and it was deployed in the Towrah readings
and in the litgurial prayers.
This is one of the countless criminal
indictments that I have and will bring
against rabbis before I dispatch their
sorry souls to Sheowl.
Ah, no worry, rabbis,
you deny that it even exists.
This is why I scrubbed the Hebrew text
comprising Yahowah's testimony of the Shiva
system of diacritical markings before
translating the words that God inspired.
They are religious, malicious,
and egregious.
God is neither amused nor ambivalent and
always God damn religion.
And so the Almighty says,
I will pulverize and crush, grinding down,
I will defeat, beating down,
shattering and pounding, vanquishing,
hammering and throwing away,
and then incarcerating under extremely
unfavorable conditions after thoroughly
rebuking at the right moment.
Call perfect first person singular.
Before his appearance,
that would be Dowd's appearance.
That would be on Yom Kipurym,
second of October, twenty thirty three.
Those who adversely seek to constrain and
restrict him, narrowing his scope.
Sorry, Hugh.
His adversaries and foes who openly
display their hostility and opposition,
creating an unfavorable situation by
diminishing his calling and purpose.
That is the essence of Judaism and
Christianity,
where all things point to Dowd,
the covenant, the Mowedym, the Towrah,
Yahowah.
He is the son of God.
He is the Messiah.
He is the former and returning king.
He is the chosen one.
He is the one through whom the covenant
was established.
He is the greater luminary.
He is the Zarowa,
the sacrificial lamb who fulfilled
Passover.
And yet none of those things are
celebrated, recognized in Judaism,
Christianity, or Islam.
And so that would put all those religions
at odds with God.
And those who shun him, don't,
by attempting to decrease his status,
by altering what he represents.
Those who oppose him in their derision and
those who so intensely dislike him,
they refuse to associate with him.
I will strike down and I will defeat.
I will plague by routing and inflicting.
God's really upset.
Why?
Because Dowd is his chosen one.
Because Dowd is his firstborn son.
Why?
Because Dowd agreed to be crucified by the
Romans to fulfill Passover.
He agreed to take our guilt and deposit
it in Sheowl, hell,
so that we would be innocent.
He serves as our savior.
And you Jews trounced him.
You denied him.
You deprived him of all of this stuff.
All the titles, all of the attributes,
all of the achievements, you tossed away.
God's really angry at you.
So under the auspices of free will,
the religious are at liberty to rob the
Messiah.
That's what they've done, and the Savior,
and to create bogus alternatives.
Bar Kokhba, Jesus Christ, Muhammad,
but not without consequence.
And you'll note the nod to the merit
of Babel, twistianity,
and goddamn religion,
and the
work of the Nakry,
the observant foreigner, and the Choter,
the stem from the tree of knowledge.
Judaism,
Christianity's and Islam's affront to
God's people and plan is nullified prior
to Dowd's arrival.
These are the tomes that accomplish that.
And Dowd's going to arrive.
on the second of October,
twenty thirty three year six thousand.
Yeah, your calendar,
because it's tainted by my mom,
it is is one hundred ninety seven years
off.
So you may want to update yours.
Now, we have already laid the groundwork.
And we will cement it with our witness
during the time of trouble.
But that is just the warm up act,
because it is Yahowah who on Taruwah in
twenty twenty three,
the twenty fourth of September,
going to obliterate the religious,
purging them from the planet.
This will occur ten days before those
return.
The most revealing term in this prophetic
pronouncement is sorry.
It is from sar,
and it serves as the basis for the
foreboding depiction of Ets Tsarah
the time of trouble.
This is the foreboding seven year period
beginning on Shabuwah,
the twenty second of May.
This year in twenty twenty six and it
runs through to ruin twenty thirty three.
And it will be at its conclusion that
the religious who have repudiated Dowd
narrowing his scope as our savior,
Messiah and the son of God.
Well,
they're going to be constrained in Sheowl.
Fair is fair.
four times previously now,
Ethan ha 'Ezrachy,
who was the co-author of this Mizmowr,
this psalm.
He has spoken of Yahowah's emunah,
trustworthiness, his reliability,
and his Chesed, devotion, loyalty,
and love.
So God is affirming this essential
assessment, and in so doing,
he is nullifying the derogatorious
assessment of him by Paul in Christianity.
He is also undermining the repudiation of
his nature in the Talmud and in the
Quran.
Now, more than this,
Yahowah has weaponized Emunah as well as
Chesed.
By directing both toward Dowd,
saying that they are associated with him,
he is declaring that those who ascribe to
the titles, Savior, Passover Lamb,
Son of God, or Messiah,
and they offer those titles to another,
well,
they are calling God a disloyal liar.
That is the nature of Christianity.
Everyone who advocates Christianity is
calling God disloyal and a liar.
That's not going to work out very well
for you.
Yahowah says, therefore,
my steadfast commitment to the truth,
my trustworthiness and unrelenting
honesty,
the realization that I'm reliable and
dependable,
unchanging and without contradiction,
resolute and unwavering.
And my unending love,
my determined devotion and enduring
favoritism,
my ongoing affection and genuine loyalty
are directed and associated with him.
The only person he is named in this
entire Psalm is Dowd.
Yah's enduring favoritism and love,
his loyalty,
and his very trustworthiness,
dependability are all directly associated
with Dowd.
And in my name,
his light will radiate and enlighten and
his brilliant horn symbolizing his
authority will continually be lifted up,
raised on high and exalted
This is our second reference to Koren.
Koren is that word that causes everyone
who is informed and rational to wake up
because it was the Qeren of the Passover
lamb that were caught in the thickets of
Mount Moriah when Yahowah said,
don't take the life of your beloved son,
your only son,
because I will provide the lamb.
And now that same lamb, Dowd,
is being presented here as brilliant.
His authority of being radiant and
glorious.
His words enlightening.
So in God's relentless dismemberment of
religion,
while burnishing his son's resume.
He is forever ascribing his credibility
and essential nature to a single soul,
to one man,
saying that Down is the test that we
can apply to verify that Yahowah is
truthful and reliable, loving and loyal.
And there is no other alternative because
if you wanna say, no, it's my Jesus,
my dear Jesus, he's king.
then you're calling God a liar.
He never once mentioned to Jesus and he
says he's all in with Dowd.
He says,
everything you claim of Jesus is true of
Dowd.
Rabbis won't even say God's name.
They will acknowledge none of this to
Dowd.
And yet they claim that they're Towrah
observant.
It's an outright lie.
It's a internal contradiction.
There's no way to win if you're religious.
And while Yahowah responds similarly to
others within his covenant family,
the foundation upon which his Beryth
covenant is built was laid when he
anointed Dowd and he placed his spirit
upon him.
Said another way.
The assured means to experience Yahowah's
favoritism, affection,
and devotion is through Dowd.
The affirmed method of precluding it is
through the religions that negate the
value of Dowd's collaboration with Yahowah,
specifically Christianity, Judaism,
and Islam.
It is in Yahowah's name that
Dowd shines.
His crown is comprised of ram's horns,
symbolic of his role in Passover.
It's not thorns,
which are emblematic of religion.
God is on record praising his son, Dowd,
negating the myth of Jesus and the mistake
of Bar Kokhba.
Yahowah's next declaration, my friends,
is refined by a
A fragment, significant size fragment,
known as four Q. Ninety eight GPS.
That's a lot to say, isn't it?
Cave four and is the particular fragment.
It's a fragment from a group of that
includes a group of the Psalms.
And it was a scroll that was found
above Qumran.
It removes Hugh, his.
prior to hand in the opening statement
while leaving it in the second statement
this sets up the following pronouncement i
will place to a point a hand in
the sea in the west and within the
flowing streams of those with a joyful
continence depicting those traveling in
mass
as a river moving,
beaming happiness and light.
This is his right hand.
Eighty-nine, twenty-five,
that's quite a interesting statement,
isn't it?
God,
who is all in as it relates to
the land, gave the land to Yisrael,
identifies Yisrael and Yahuwdah with the
land, and Gowym with the sea,
says that this time he is going to
appoint and set in place and assign a
hand, an influence in the sea,
in the west.
This is the Nakry,
the observant foreigner.
And therefore this same hand,
the same influence that comes out of the
sea from the West will be found within
the flowing streams of those with a joyful
continence,
depicting those traveling in mass as a
moving river of beaming happiness and
light,
all as a result of his right hand.
What he's speaking of there,
is this withdrawal of the covenant family
during Shabuwah.
And then again on Taruwah,
the book ends for the time of Israel's
troubles.
Mizmowr Song, 89:25.
So this is an ode to the relationship
between Dowd and Yada that was
established very long ago.
The greater and lesser luminaries of the
first chapter of the first book of the
Towrah.
are also the tree of lives and knowledge
in the second chapter.
In the eleventh chapter of Numbers,
they are Eldod and Mydod.
In the fifteenth chapter,
they're the ram and the bull,
one from the land,
the other from the sea.
They are Yahuwd and Goy.
They are Ya'qob and Esau.
And yet, they are inseparable.
They are mutually supportive.
So this is one of the many reasons
that I've come to suspect that Dowd was
not dispatched and his life in the waning
years of the third millennia and the
beginning of the fourth millennia alone,
it would have been his fourth life
his sixth appearance,
but his fourth full life.
Just as I was sent to intervene here
with the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr and my wife
with the final Mashal word picture,
the Thirty-First,
delivering the Thirty-First Mashal and the
Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr to rescue him from
himself,
We have already found references to our
collaboration and involvement in the
twenty second and eighty ninth Psalms and
in Isaiah nine and fifty three and.
Elsewhere.
It's all there.
Even in.
Hear me out, thirty one.
Everywhere we turn.
It's there.
So Yahowah was establishing a hand from the
sea in support of his son,
making the one who would work alongside
the Messiah be a boy.
And as a result, his right hand,
this man out of the sea from the
west, would be Baha'nair,
among those in the river of light,
of those flowing streams of light
beaming people traveling from earth to
heaven during Shabuwah so as we progress
remember that the pronoun he throughout
this is ascribed to Dowd he is the
lone individual other than ethan depicted
within the Mizmowr further god knows as do
i and should you
that Qara is the actionable root of Miqra'ey,
invitation to be called out and meet with
God, which Down and yada fulfill.
Even more relevant after referring to Down
as the man
through whom the covenant was established,
his chosen one and coworker,
the most capable of men,
the tested and appointed one,
the one Yahowah found and revealed,
the Messiah that God personally anointed,
the sacrificial lamb of Passover,
the recipient of Yah's love,
and the reflection of his trustworthiness,
the man wearing the crown of light who
is esteemed.
Dowd is also proclaimed.
as the very son of God.
Who are you gonna believe?
Your rabbis who say it's not possible or
God who says it's real?
He himself will call out to me and
welcome me in conjunction with the Miqra'ey,
announcing, you are my father.
You are my father.
I also will appoint and make him,
offering him as a gift,
as my Bakowr ani, my firstborn son,
the Elyown,
representing everything pertaining to the
influence of Almighty God.
the highest and uppermost in comparison to
the kings and rulers of the earth.
Mizmowr, 89:27.
Poof to Christianity.
Goodbye to Judaism.
Nothing left of them.
God destroyed them.
Three thousand years ago
when this was scribed by Ethan ha 'Ezrachy.
Dowd is the son of God.
Yahowah is Dowd's father.
Dowd is Elyown.
El, God.
On, all things pertaining to.
The Yod,
the Y in the midst of that pertains
to the hand or influence.
So it's all things pertaining to the hand
and influence of God.
He is as much God as this world
can handle.
He's Dowd.
He's not Jesus.
He's not Bar Kokhba.
He's not Allah.
He's not Mohammed.
He is not Muhammad.
He is not Akiba.
He's not Paul.
No.
He's Dowd.
The greatest of them all.
Elyown, the vicar of God.
What a place that these words have taken
us.
That's why I call it the greatest song
ever written.
A song in the midst of the prophetic
pronouncements about God that absolutely
obliterate
The religions that claim that these Psalms
were inspired by their God.
You're informed and rational.
There's no way to continue to practice
Judaism, Christianity, or Islam.
It's just over.
There's no question what these words mean
or who spoke them or the consequence of
them.
So let you now shall I pause,
contemplate the merit of this revelation.
And this is where we'll resume tomorrow.
I thank you for listening.
Stay safe, Israel.
Hey there, thanks for tuning in.
That was Fetch.
Gotta run now.
Catch y'all on our next podcast.